Updated examples and some typos in docs (#86)
wayfair-incubator/columbo: docs/getting-started.md

* Line 29: Select the value of `True` for the question asking the user if they like dogs.

!!! note

>     Omitting the `args` parameter to `parse_args()` will use values in `sys.argv`.

Reviewer: This might be a good time to start moving the docs towards active voice 🏃 :

```suggestion
    If you omit the `args` parameter to `parse_args()` the values in `sys.argv` will be used.
```

Ref: https://www.grammarly.com/blog/passive-voice/

## What's Next?

> Read the [Usage Guide][usage-guide] for a more detailed descriptions of ways you can use `columbo`.

Reviewer: Nice 👍
